4.3.0 release: Changelog proposal & edits (#905)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: Changelog.md

### Added

> -   Menu “Window” accessible from application's system top bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The “Window” menu is now accessible from the application's system top bar.
```

### Fixed

> -   Error on Windows
>     `The specific module could not be found (nrf-device-lib-js)` by installing
>     64-bit version of Visual C++ Redistributable.
> -   Opening apps from command line while nRF Connect for Desktop was running
>     wasn't possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Fixed an issue on Windows that would report that
    `The specific module could not be found (nrf-device-lib-js)`. The issue was fixed by installing
    the 64-bit version of Visual C++ Redistributable.
-   Fixed opening of the apps from command line while nRF Connect for Desktop was running.
```

### Changed

> -   Update the bundled version of J-Link for Windows to 7.88j.
> -   Only one of these two CLI arguments can be passed to applications using the
>     command line terminal to open the app: `--deviceSerial` or `--comPort`.
>     These are used to auto-select a device in the device list. Note: Apps need
>     to be updated to support `--comPort` parameters. Not all the apps will
>     support `--deviceSerial` or `--comPort` arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Updated the bundled version of SEGGER J-Link for Windows to v7.88j.
-   Modified the way in which `--deviceSerial` or `--comPort` CLI arguments are relating to one another. These are used to auto-select a device in the device list. Now, only one of these arguments can be passed to applications using the
    command line terminal to open the app.
    
    -  Note: Apps need to be updated to support `--comPort` parameters. Not all the apps 
    support `--deviceSerial` and `--comPort` arguments.
```
